Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Sora)
Dueling has
never been for fun,
but I guess it was fun seeing
all those Xyzians run for cover.
You know what Duel Academy
did to the Xyz Dimension?
It wrecked
their world...
A world filled with
happiness and joy.
Your buddies
took it all away!
Stuff happens.
You can't make an omelet
without breaking a few eggs.
Yuto, I'm having a hard time
trying to get Sora to understand
what dueling's
really about,
but maybe together, by combining
our monsters, we can reach him!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon!
Time to swoop in and
take out Saber‐Tooth!
(both shouting)
(horn blowing)
(arena announcer)
Time's up!
The Battle Royal
is officially over!
(Gong)
Yuya! You all right?
Huh?
(Yuya)
Hey, you found Zuzu!
I'm not Zuzu.
Huh?
Then where is she?
Don't tell me your friends
took her away!
Sora!
You've all dueled well.
Declan!
I got rid of all the
Fusion Dimension dweebs
just like you
wanted me to.
I therefore qualify
to join
the elite, exclusive ranks
of the Lancers.
Who're they?
This Battle Royal
was really a test.
A test to see who can
cut it as a Lancer.
Lancer?
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Yuya)
Hey, Declan!
What's the deal?
We thought the Battle Royal
was the next stage
of the
Championship,
and now we find out it was
just some sorta lame tryout
to become
one of your Lancers?
What are you
trying to pull?
I am simply trying
to save our world, Yuya.
Once I learned warriors
from the Fusion Dimension
were planning
to infiltrate our home
I needed a way to stand up to
them without causing a panic.
The Battle Royal was
the perfect camouflage
for the real conflict
at hand.
I sent the best duelists
the Leo Institute had to offer
to drive
back the enemy.
Turns out, their best
wasn't good enough.
But you and your friends,
however, have what it takes.
So you used us?
(Declan)
I simply used the resources
available to me.
By repulsing the Fusion Warriors
you proved your strength today.
But defending our world
is not good enough.
We have to take the battle
to the Fusion Dimension.
And you and your fellow Lancers
will lead that charge!
And end up
like our friends?
Turned into cards?
Reed and Trout, they didn't
deserve this!
Nobody did!
Don't you see that?
And Zuzu,
what about her? (sobs)
What if they got
to Zuzu, too?
(sobbing)
She might be gone
forever!
And it's your fault!
He isn't
to blame.
Huh!
If anyone's responsible
for her fate, it's me.
So Zuzu's M‐I‐A
'cause of you?
Gong don't even know
who you are, lady!
My name
is Selena.
I'm from the
Fusion Dimension!
Say what?
If you're from
the Fusion Dimension,
then you're one
of our enemies!
(thinking)
Just fantastic!
Now that the cat's
out of the bag
they'll never
let her out of their sights.
Looks like me taking Selena back
to Duel Academy
isn't
in the cards.
So there's a Fusion
freak among us!
And dressed as Zuzu Boyle
no less!
Obviously she's
an enemy agent!
Your disguise is uncanny, but
I saw through you immediately!
Now you better talk
or I'll‐‐
Step aside.
I am interrogating
her!
Are you working
for Fusion, too?
No.
But I have made a promise
to protect her.
To who?
You better give me
a name, ninjaman!
Or I'll‐‐
Selena is no spy.
In fact, a squad of
Fusion Warriors was sent
to hunt her
down.
It's true.
These warriors are members
of Obelisk Force.
They were
hot on my trail,
but since Zuzu and I
switched outfits,
they probably thought
she was me.
Wait, the two
of you switched duds?
Why would Zuzu agree
to do that?
Because...
She wanted to give me
the chance to meet Shay.
Why?
(Selena)
Zuzu told me how Duel Academy
had attacked innocent Xyzians,
but I didn't believe her.
She wanted me to find Shay
and hear the story from him.
So she offered
to be my decoy,
to keep Obelisk Force
off of my tail.
Then Zuzu's...
(crying)
If you don't want to lose
any more friends like Zuzu,
then it's best
you join my Lancers
and take the fight
to them.
This task will require all the
strength and determination
you can muster!
You can avenge them.
I will provide
the opportunity.
All you must do is follow
my lead and trust me.
You're asking us
to trust you?
After all your lies?
I don't care about your battle,
all I want are my friends back!
All of them!
Bring them back!
A duelist settles his issues
with a duel, not his fists.
All right, then!
If that's how you want it,
I'll duel you,
for dragging us
all into this fight!
Very well,
then.
If you should defeat me,
I will accept any punishment
you see fit for my misdeeds.
What is
Declan up to?
Oh!
You do not yet understand
the gravity of the threat
to this world.
Establishing the Lancers
was the only way
to stop another
tragedy.
I will not allow the people
of this dimension
to suffer the same fate
as the Xyzians!
I'll show you what I mean!
By activating the Action Field
Neo Heartland City!
(computer voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
(snarling)
Heartland City is located
in the Xyz Dimension.
(Shay)
Or it was.
It's nothing more
than a ruined shell now.
Because of you
Fusionites!
Keep going, Shay.
Tell Selena
the full story.
(stifling tears)
I guess it's too difficult
to relive a tragedy.
Fine, I will fill in
the details.
The Xyzians
were peaceful.
Yet were completely
helpless and unprepared
to stop Duel Academy's
invasion.
That's why
we must fight them.
(Yuya)
Enough!
I'm through hearing you talk.
Got it?
I'm simply informing Selena of
the travesties that took place.
I said enough!
Not talking about it isn't
going to change the fact
that you and your friends
will have to fight them.
Declan...
I'm ending this now!
Everything that happened to
my friends is all your fault!
You set us up, and now,
I'm gonna take you down!
If you're so eager
to go into battle,
then take me on
right now!
Let's duel!
I'll use Scale 4
Performapal Trump Witch
and Scale 8
Xiangsheng Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of
this duel, starting now!
Swing far Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Wield your wizardry,
Stargazer Magician!
Splash to it, Performapal
Splashmammoth!
Pendulum Summoning
already?
Yuya really does
mean business!
With that,
I end my turn.
Why would Zuzu
risk her own life
just so that you
could talk to me?
It's my turn.
I draw.
Using the special ability
of my D/D Swirl Slime,
I will fuse it&
with my D/D Berfomet.
Your powers have grown to be
quite impressive,
but as you will see, I am
more than capable of warding off
any threat you send
my way, Yuya!
I Fusion Summon!
D/D/D
Flame King Genghis!
This is starting
to heat up!
If this is anything
like their last duel,
we're in for
quite the show!
Really?
I didn't realize he and
Yuya had dueled before!
Yeah.
Back
at You Show.
Who won
the duel?
We never got to find out, on
account of Declan running out.
But Gong's not sure
Yuya would've won.
I think I'll add a little
variety to the field
by summoning...
D/D Nighthowl!
(roaring)
Whoa, that's a
Tuner Monster?
That's right.
Declan's mastered a slew o'
different summoning methods!
Once I've successfully
summoned Nighthowl,
I'm allowed to summon another
D/D monster
straight from
my graveyard,
by lowering
its attack points to zero!
I bring back
D/D Berfomet!
I tune Level 3 D/D Nighthowl
with my Level 4 D/D Berfomet!
Observe!
Such is the power
we shall wield together
when we defy and defeat
the forces of Duel Academy!
I Synchro Summon!
D/D/D Gust King Alexander!
Impressive.
He certainly knows how
to keep you on your toes.
When I summon another D/D/D
monster
such as
Gust King Alexander,
Flame King Genghis resurrects
a D/D monster from my graveyard.
Arise once again,
D/D Swirl Slime!
And as
a further twist,
D/D/D Gust King Alexander's
special ability activates!
Whenever a D/D monster
is summoned,
my Gust King can
command another D/D monster
to rise from the graveyard‐‐
as it will now!
D/D Berfomet, return
to the field of battle!
Berfomet's special ability
now activates!
Doubling the Level
of my Swirl Slime to four!
And with that, I take my Swirl
Slime and Berfomet...
and build
the Overlay Network!
Oh!
Prepare to face a trio
of sovereign warriors,
because there's a third
king on the way!
I Xyz Summon!
D/D/D
Wave King Caesar!
I can't
believe my eyes...
Why, this is unprecedented!
Sounds like you need to get your
nose out of your textbooks,
Mr. MacField!
I thought everybody
at Leo knew
Declan Akaba had
mastered the big three.
So it's common
knowledge?
Well, there's really nothing
common about it, now is there?
You forgot one!
Declan knows how
to Pendulum Summon, too.
Unbelievable!
He knows
four methods?
And I'm sure he wants
to test them all out
against
Duel Academy!
So you traveled to this
dimension to challenge me.
Didn't you?
I did.
My goal was to track down
fugitives from Xyz.
By taking them down, I'd
show what I was capable of.
The Professor would see
his mistake then.
And he'd have to let me join
Obelisk Force.
I believed
in the Professor's vision
of uniting all four
dimensions.
But after
what Zuzu told me,
I'm beginning to have
serious doubts.
You see, she said that Obelisk
Force had attacked all Xyzians,
including those
who weren't duelists.
I found it hard
to believe
Obelisk Force could do
anything so terrible.
Is what she
told me true?
Or was Zuzu filling
my head with lies?
All of it's true.
Your Obelisk Force was
merciless.
They chased down
everyone in their path
whether they were
a duelist or not.
Gust King!
Focus your fury
on Stargazer Magician
and blow him off
the field!
Wave King Caesar will be
next to strike.
Send Splashmammoth into
extinction with Tidal Torrent!
Yuya, you picked a battle
you could never win!
Now feel the full force
of Flame King's ferocity!
Aaah!
Uhn! Uhn!
(people shouting in fear)
(laughing)
I can still hear
the attackers laughing,
and the screams of those
desperately trying to escape.
Their voices will remain seared
in my memory forever!
Declan is
flawless.
Each one of his attacks
has left Yuya defenseless.
This duel is a complete mismatch
on every level.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
Of course,
I know that nothing
I have done so far has been
a surprise to you.
I know exactly
what you're thinking,
that you still have
a chance to come back.
(Yuya grunts)
You've learned how to maximize
your Pendulum powers.
Yuya... I encourage you
to use them against me.
It's the only chance
you have of winning.
When it comes
to dueling,
you don't miss a beat,
do you, Declan?
No wonder everyone
thinks you're a genius.
I bet you also knew
exactly what would happen
in the Battle
Royal, too!
Like how many would be lost and
how many'd make it through!
It turned out just like
you predicted, didn't it?
We're nothing but puppets
to you, aren't we?
But I have news for you.
You're not gonna be
pullin' any strings...
not after I get through
with you!
Someone has to
take you down a notch, Declan.
And that someone
is me!
It's time for this duel
to swing my way again, Declan!
It's showtime!
I'm bringing back
Stargazer Magician
and Performapal
Splashmammoth!
But I'm not stopping there!
Come on out,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Splashmammoth, it's time for you
to splash on to the scene
and add some bubbles to this
battle by activating your
special ability,
so I can Fusion Summon
without Polymerization!
All right!
Now I'll fuse Performapal
Splashmammoth...
with Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
By fusing
the fierceness of my Dragon
with the ancient might
of my Mammoth,
I'll create a new,
more powerful monster!
I Fusion Summon!
Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Rock on!
That dragon
was so powerful
that it even took Gong down
in a duel before,
so it's
gonna destroy Declan!
I activate Stargazer Magician's
special ability!
Now I can bring back one
of the monsters I used
to summon
Beast‐Eyes!
Welcome back,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Now I activate Performapal Trump
Witch's Pendulum ability!
Like Splashmammoth, she also
lets me Fusion Summon a monster
without using
Polymerization!
She'll give a little hocus
to my Odd‐Eyes,
and then lend a dash
of pocus to Stargazer Magician!
I'm fusing Stargazer Magician
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
I Fusion Summon!
Rune‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Beast‐Eyes and Rune‐Eyes
are more than allies,
They're my friends!
And I wouldn't have discovered
how to summon either of them
if it hadn't been
for Zuzu!
'Cause Zuzu learned how to
Fusion Summon from Sora.
Training?
You and
Zuzu?
Yeah!
Zuzu asked me
to help her with‐‐
Wait, is it supposed
to be a secret
that you wanted me to teach
you Fusion Summoning?
Fusion
Summoning?
She studied
under Sora?
Interesting.
I didn't realize she had
studied Fusion Summoning
from a student
of Duel Academy.
So you knew all along that
Sora came from Duel Academy?
Of course.
His Fusion Summoning powers
went far beyond those
of the other students
at the Leo Institute.
I'm finally beginning
to understand.
Zuzu and Sora opened your eyes
to the world of Fusion Summoning
which led to you taking Pendulum
Summoning to the next level.
Yeah, 'cause that's
what friends do,
no matter where
they're from.
We help each other,
and together, we're
gonna take you down.
It's curtains
for you, Declan!
I look forward
to seeing you try!
Since I used Stargazer
Magician to form Rune‐Eyes,
it can attack
three times!
(roaring)
Let's do this,
Rune‐Eyes!
Power up!
And take out
his Kings!
Go,
Triple Spiral Skyshot!
Your sister?
Obelisk Force
really took Lulu away?
Yes, they did.
And it hurts to look
at you
because you look
exactly like her.
Huh.
Okay!
Go, Beast‐Eyes!
Blazing
Spiral Storm!
There's no way Declan's
packing near enough life points
to survive a direct attack
from old Beast‐Eyes!
He's finished!
(gasping)
Oh!
What gives?
I kept myself
from feeling the burn
by activating my trap card
D/D/D Contract Change!
Huh!
By banishing the D/D/D
monster in my graveyard
with the most
attack points,
I took no damage from your
Beast‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
I was so close.
That's not all.
I add a D/D Pendulum Monster to
my hand that's Level 4 or below.
Your strategy
has failed.
True, your desire
to get revenge for Zuzu
may have gotten you
this far, but not far enough.
A duelist cannot win on
passion and emotions alone.
But if you believe
you're strong enough
to defeat a master duelist,
you're sadly mistaken.
Battling Obelisk Force
is no game.
They are ferocious
adversaries.
But I know you and your
friends have what it takes
to go deck to deck
with them.
I'll never join
your Lancers!
Oh?
Not even to save your
dear friend Zuzu?
Wha‐‐ ?
Save her?
Are you
telling me...
We can get Zuzu back?
Then Obelisk Force must
have taken her prisoner!
Did you see them
carry Zuzu off?
Huh?!
(thinking)
If Declan saw Yuri capture Zuzu,
he might put two and two
together,
which would blow
my cover big‐time!
You want to save
Zuzu?
Well, let's see
if that's even possible.
Let's see if you have what it
takes to defeat me first.
♪